# KickstarterFindings
1. What are 3 conclusions that can be drawn about the crowdfunding campagins?
    A. Overall, the Theater appears to be the popular choice for both successful and failed kickstarters, followed by a wide margin by Film & Video, closely followed after that by Music. Not counting quantity of kickstarters, Theater and Film & Video have the highest ratio of success for kickstarters at approximtely 60%.
    B. Based on sub-categories, plays are prodominantly the most popular followed largely after by rock then documentaries. This correlates with the previous mention of Theater, Film & Video, and Music being the most popular and successful kickstarters.
    C. Based on the timing through the year for these kickstarters, it shows that the best opportunity to invest or begin kickstarters is around May to July, or the summertime.
    D. Those that had around 15k-35k seemed to succed most often that those under and above those funds and anything after 50k seems to be on a downwards trend.
2. What are some limitations of the dataset?
    A. We have a fair amount of categories that these kickstarters could fall into but I feel the sub-categories could be expanded or potentially could include notes or reasoning as to why they could have succeded but more importantly, why they failed. One such example of expanding the sub-categories would be Food Trucks, we could see what type of cuisine these food trucks were serving and determine what was sucessful and what wasn't.
3. What are some other possible tables and/or graphs that we could create, and what additional value would they provide?
    A. I could create pivot tables to reflect by each category as well as the specific date/month that they were started and if they had any deadlines they needed to meet. Maybe projects with a set deadline tended to do worse than those with an open ended deadline. Speaking of deadlines, a table could be created to check the average time it took for a project to start, hit their target, and then some if needed. This information could be used to help give estimations of time for people who might be considering a kickstarter of their own. The same process could be taken towards the financial aspect of the kickstarters. What was the average financial goal of each category, then sub-category? This gives further insight into what type of projects they want to invest in or diversify into.